Privacy Policy

Stranded In The Forest 

We value our customers and respect thier privacy. We only colect as little of customer information as posible in an effort ot provide you with a great gaming experience.


PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you download the app, we collect certain information about your device, including information about your Android ID, IP Address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed in your device. We refered to this automatically-collected information as 'Device Information'.

WE COLLECT DEVICE INFORMATION USING THESE TECHNOLOGIES:

Unity Ads has probably collected device information, like IP address and device identifiers, and information regarding the delivery of ads and your interaction with them, all of which may be shared with ad publishers and attribution companies. 

For clarity, Unity collects the following data: whether you click or tap an ad for a new game, whether you watch the ad or play a game frequently, whether others playing a game like the one you’re playing have downloaded a particular new game, and whether you download and install the new game you see advertised. 

Where a developer has enabled certain features, Unity Ads may also collect your session information and monetization events. 

All of this is for purposes of predicting the types of new games that you might like to download. 

Unity may track additional data about you in the future for purposes of making these types of predictions, and we will notify you prior to new data collection.


HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED: 

Using it for Ad tracking, and displaying ads for monetary propuses. 


SHARING YOUR INFORMATION:

We do not sell, trade or transfer to outside parties your personal information. This does not include trusted third parties that are helping us use your information, to assist us in increasing value of the gameplay expirience.

Our third parties includes, for examples: 

Unity: We use unity as the main game engine for the game. Check policies of the engine here: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy

DATA RETENTION: 

The only data for retention is the settings and save states of the game. The game saves the progress of the player automatically. that data delete it once the app is remove of the device. 

CHANGES:

We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.

Contact Us: 

For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions or if you like to transmit a complaint, please contact me by the email at rodwelpm09@gmail.com
